the stock market would drop and the
dollar would explode under a scenario I
will cover today it has already started
to happen just the first few steps and
if what we see continues then it's going
to be a very different 2023 than what
we've seen so far in today's video we're
going to cover where the money is going
where are all these billions and
trillions of dollars flowing into in the
last few weeks I will cover that here
I'm going to show you what you can do
about all of this so much more
information let's begin first things
first let's talk about the US dollar
this is the reserve currency of the
world you know it of course as the one
currency that can be used basically
anywhere for anything however it's
always in flux it's always fluctuating
and a lot of currencies are going to
make moves based on what happens with
the US dollar in fact a lot of people
are around the world based their
decisions not even on their own currency
but on what happens with the US dollar
so there is a lot at stake globally I
wanted to show you the markets and you
will see this is a weekly chart so each
bar represents a week and we are at the
time of this recording just before the
final day of the week if the S P 500
comes down just a few more points then
we find ourselves in what's called
bearish control and all you need to know
about that is essentially that we start
a new trend the daily trend is in
bearish control the weekly Trend could
then move into bearish control and that
could start a Cascade we will see what
happens I'll give you updates on that
I'll be covering it with the mentorship
group on the Friday session so stay
tuned for that dollar set for the
longest rally in years with U.S defying
Global Gloom you could see it for these
eighth straight week the US dollar has
has strengthened and what they say in
this article is pretty simple you've got
a whole bunch of different currencies
and economies out there who do you have
you got those in Europe you've got Japan
you've got China and look at the
competition if you will none of them are
doing well they are all experiencing
weakness today do you want to put your
money in Europe right now not really do
you want to do so with Japan or even
China not really not until they've you
know really moved on into a growth cycle
and that's why the U.S is able to
benefit because their economy has been
somewhat resilient compared to the
others so I was like okay I guess I'll
put my money here and more money has
been flowing in a couple notes Here the
dollar is looking extremely strong as I
said it's nine weeks and we haven't uh
you know eight weeks and we haven't seen
that for many many years in fact if more
money continues to flee elsewhere that
increases the strength of the US dollar
just as a matter of Relativity more
money is going into money market funds
I'll show you the charts in the second
half of this video and other countries
weakness ultimately is good for the us
but this works in the opposite direction
because if the US dollar is too strong
then you have a country like for
instance China they're buying soybeans
from the United States but now their
currency is weaker maybe they decide to
say you know what I'm not going to buy
from the US I'll buy from Argentina I'll
buy from Brazil because their currencies
are weaker and so it gives us an
opportunity to strike a new deal and
that's exactly what's been happening at
the same time I do believe that China
may be intentionally weakening their
currency allowing it to weaken now
because they want to be more attractive
for export it's a lot of countries do
that Switzerland said when their
currency started strengthening many
years ago they said all right we're
going to Peg to the euro at 120. well
look at what happens you you actually
weaken the currency for your own people
and that is not necessarily a good thing
I understand why they're doing it here's
the chart if you're interested and we
are right around this resistance point
and so we will see where this goes in
the near future remember this is just
relative this isn't you buying stuff at
the store this is not how it works uh
but this is just relative to other
currencies all right China's Banning of
the iPhone use for government officials
at work uh this was expanded to go on to
others as well so it looks like they're
trying to go like anybody related to the
government or some sort of alliance with
the government nobody's allowed to use
iPhone that's a lot of people just to be
clear
um I I don't see them completely Banning
it in the country at all that would
really hurt China as well but they can
do so by Banning it on the uh the phones
of the government workers forcing them
to use maybe chinese-made phones or what
have you and this is important as well
because this hit Apple so Apple starts
falling it takes the whole
um basically the whole stock market with
it because these behemoths as they are
you will see it on on this chart have
grown to levels that is you know you
just can't explain it breadth in global
stocks is the narrowest since 2003 and
essentially what we want to see is we
want to see good breadth and what that
means is you want a lot of stocks to be
doing well a lot of stocks to see money
and growth and so on instead what's
happening is we are seeing a
concentration of wealth in the biggest
names oh how about Apple yeah we said
that what about Nvidia 1.2 trillion
dollar market cap I mean these things
here start to collect too much and then
you've got a problem at the end of the
day it's not a good sign but don't worry
about it because uh Goldman Sachs has
now cut their recession chances for the
United States to 15 percent
oh dear okay thanks Goldman Sachs always
wonderful
interesting that the Federal Reserve
actually had this to say okay they were
expressing caution
eight fed economists at the time back in
2019 examined a scenario in which
China's growth fell four percentage
points short of projections in a year
they predicted a global flight to safety
by investors would send the dollar
surging about seven percent and could
cause both long-term treasury yields and
equities to Tumble U.S growth could come
in time uh dropping more than one
percentage point we will see as you know
nobody knows anyway but the point here
is essentially saying that you would see
the dollar performing extremely well and
the stock market taking an absolute hit
we don't know what will happen of course
but it is an interesting prediction of
course that has to some degree happened
right now
but nobody knows where we are at if you
look at China's ever Grand stock I mean
the thing plummets as soon as they
opened it back up and then a few days
later they said okay we're going to take
care of everything the stock
surges back up incredibly look at the
dollar how it's strengthened over this
period of time other currencies though
they're weak so when you balance that
all out you got to realize uh this is a
game that's being played and we are at
the center I want to tell you though
what you can do about it you got to
understand for yourself though this is
not all data and information you gotta
stand for a second in the middle of all
this as there's a million moving parts
around you and start to say okay what am
I going to do am I going to just sit out
of the buy or am I going to take action
on this we're going to cover some of
those points I want to show you of
course the charts that are associated
with all of this money market funds
billions and billions and billions
continue to go in why five percent
return in many cases so of course A lot
of people are doing that
it's both the retail and the
institutional okay yet again and you
could see the Divergence in between the
money market and regular Bank deposits
this means more money is flowing into
the money markets and more money is
leaving the traditional Banks all right
people don't want that why because
they're not getting interest on it
there's inflation and they know I'll put
in a money market oh it's so wonderful
at the same time the banks themselves
are still this is again record usage of
the temporary facility that the FED set
up for the banks there's no problem with
the banks oh that's been resolved as of
March 2023 oh yeah
oh so why are they still using this
facility temporary emergency facility at
a record level there's something freaky
going on inside this system I've been
highlighting it over the last little
while and if you haven't heard all those
details well if you can't go back right
now just simply hit that Thumbs Up
Button because then I will be more
likely to show up in your feed and then
from there you're going to get the
updates as they come out I want to see
you on the next one don't go anywhere
all right look you're going to see this
Divergence that I love to cover with the
money mirror method and quite frankly
when you look at it the stock market and
the reserve excess reserves
um are really truly going hand in hand
but now there's this big Divergence this
is another thing we'll cover on the
mentorship group stay tuned for that my
friends but all I have to say is that
these have started to converge so either
the reserves have to climb considerably
or we will see the stock market market
decline one of the other or a little bit
of both has to occur
it has to happen
that's just the way that history has
shown all since 2009 these will converge
so what does that mean it means the
stock market could potentially decline
even stay sideways not that's possible
or and or the reserves have to come up
this is important stuff okay I know it's
really complicated I covered in several
videos before but keep that in mind now
we're not going to talk about Encanto
today but I wanted to tell you about
what you can do like I said don't just
sit around look at a few of these things
that I'm you know just been thinking of
today as I was writing all this up use
this time of strength for the US dollar
if you hold US dollars as an advantage
you can seek depressed assets at the
same time you could possibly get
something overseas and a lot of people
have decided to look at Portugal well
you're a strong U.S dollar right now
could be a potential opportunity for
that prices are not necessarily at the
highest they've ever been in some places
either it really all depends on what
you're interested I know a lot of people
they say no I don't even have a passport
so I'm not going anywhere all right well
that's up to you watch exposure to high
risk stocks right now I know everybody
loves Nvidia and they think it's going
to go to double triple quadruple where
it is today that is certainly possible
all I'm saying is watch your exposure
you can be exposed to it you can do that
but just watch how much of your
portfolio and at the same time trim your
winnings if you've won you've done so
well on something pull a little bit of
that back Now's the Time you take that
you pull a little back and get ready to
redeploy that's okay but just take those
winnings
love that love what you did I
congratulate you but just be careful
okay you don't want to lose what you've
got I want you to join me and literally
now over 1300 people on the Discord
share what you are doing with the stock
market share what you're doing with
crypto we've got all those channels in
here and I want to see that from you
okay lots of different people are in
this in these groups and you're going to
come in you're going to see all the
differences but they're all organized
into these different channels and you
can actually share information hey what
stocks are you looking at hey what about
real estate have you heard about this
all inside the Discord totally free Link
in the description and now the comment
of the day I want to thank Carrie
Cunningham he said this
nothing says strong economy like quote
commercial real estate meltdown that was
a quote that was a quote I had to pin
that one to the top thank you very much
for your uh comments there I love the
comments try to highlight one every
single day
the world is wacky things are wild but
as long as you are here understanding
you're not alone you're part of a group
a niche group of people who actually
want to know the truth who actually want
to know what's going on and never give
up hope if you want to hear from me
directly you want me to actually tell
you that you need do don't want to give
up hope and you want to thrive and
prosper let me know you can always
message me on Discord and if you need a
little pep talk I'm here for you but
there's a whole bunch of people out
there that are just like you so don't
think you're alone in this all right
I'll see on the next one take care